it will be Liam Kelly battles at home
and five minutes played come on it leads
by a goal to know Liam Kelly is becoming
a bit of a penalty expert these days and
it's McGowan again spell and eventually
the command at goalkeeper is beaten and
it's paul mcgann who just loves scoring
against come on it has five in his last
six games against the men premiere sure
it's freezer a cami Smith back it comes
the two youngsters combining tools back
further let's wonder Aberdeen 11 minutes
played and it's scott vernon well Cammy
Smith unlock the defense for the ball to
Ryan freezer then freezer picks out his
man and that was Scott Vernon who scores
for the first time in 13 games Douglas
atique oh it's going to drop for dealy-o
touch soon by gunning
another team's lead lasted just 19
minutes less Gavin gunning daily seemed
certain to score but blogs on the line
by Scott Vernon but the midfielder
couldn't get there ahead of Gavin
gunning you headed in well one back
Vernon looks from again but done the
United have it it was Johnny Russell
again he's got flood and ranking waiting
for it Russell with the ball in on it
ended up in the back of the neck united
celebrates and it's a howler from Jamie
Langfield Russell down the left-hand
side fired it across for flood and it's
difficult to tell whether the midfielder
got to touch it doesn't look like it
that's an own goal McGinn hang it up
again
fames the corner of the nights he is
absolutely
love again with a 60 fall of the season
and his fourth in a week against clubs
from Dundee did mikhay forward touched
on by vine today no back it comes politz
after that one boy breaks loose and
there's Liam Craig just over half an
hour plays and Johnson find the
breakthrough and it's Liam Craig for
this first goal since September it says
fourth of the season pull it into
challenge Douglas and that's how the
ball came loose well how crucial could
that be whoo prone out a Celtic look to
hurt motherwell summer us across Gary
Hooper they've got the goal just a
couple of minutes after Tom Heatley
missed the penalty the perfect cross
from summer us and there was Gary Hooper
for his 17th goal of the season